Mr. Rong, aren't you on a business trip?
Why are you back?
8 means can't wait
Why did you see the little white moonlight and hear it on your shoulders?
You deliberately arranged the paratroopers
Are you giving me a slap in the face?
Or did you promise to give it to me?
Director's campaign parties are all lies
You lose on the first day. That's your strength.
I'm not worried at all if it's fair play
I'm afraid some people will stumble behind the scenes
Relationships always take me away
Nonsense
To say who is better than you
Everyone in the company knows he's your contact
They don't call us beautiful women like we do
People are a song of tolerance
A song of tolerance on the right
For fear that others will not know about your ambiguous relationship
Hi.
It turns out that you are angry because of this
Of course not.
I am afraid
Your company is carried away by emotions
You are jealous
No no you must not misunderstand
I have absolutely no serious thoughts about you
Even if you're hugging a woman right now
I'll just give you a round of applause from the side.
What nonsense are you talking about?
Mr. Rong
Although I am pregnant with your child now
But we will always get divorced
I also want to find someone who goes both ways to get married
Go both ways
You wouldn't be naive to think
Nominally my wife
You can still be my sister-in-law
Unless he Rong Xiuyuan doesn't want to describe me anymore
inexplicable
Jon
I'm back home and I'm waiting to eat your own meal
By the end of this week.
I must learn four dishes and one soup